Qiao Zixi, General Manager of Jiutian Group
Congratulations to the Zhao family on their birthday
The son of Wuji Temple
Why is he here?
Could it be that the Promise Palace is optimistic about the Zhao family?
Jiutian Group sent Mrs. Zhao a thousand-year-old chase
With the support of Wuji Temple
Song Kangmei is like rain
Hands are also open
But the literati are extremely low-key
To participate in any private banquet
What does the situation of your Zhao family have to do with him?
Our Zhao family and Jiutian Group are as fast as us
I don't know why he came.
For whatever reason
If you can get along with Wu Jidian
It will be of great benefit to the Zhao family
Mr. Qiao is here
It really makes my Zhao family shine
I'm here to give someone a gift
What are you doing?
Xiao Wuji has a low status
narrow-minded
If the pursuit of Muyan fails, it will cause a birthday banquet
And you talk about it.
Offend the city
I'm about to signal punishment to him.
Joe is here, just in time
Why don't you join us?
Qiao Zixi, General Manager of Jiutian Group
Greetings to Mr. Xiao